[Music]
movie starts with the death scene of
superman
we see that superman's screams triggers
the mother boxes in different locations
mother box and amazon's land femi sierra
cracks and open ups queen hilita gets
informed about this situation
bruce travels through mountains and
meets arthur because he is afraid of
luther's threat
according to which aliens can take over
the earth easily after superman's death
this is why bruce is making a team of
metahumans
but arthur rejects his offer and goes
back in sea
bruce starts searching for the other
metahumans
on the other hand helita goes to femi
sierra to check the box
there she meets steppenwolf and
parademons
when amazon retaliate helita defeats
them
she comes out of the cave with box and
seals the cave
after which the whole hill starts
falling in the sea
she gives the box to her soldiers
[Music]
steppenwolf and parademons come out of
the cave and goes after the soldiers
with the box
[Music]
an intense fight starts between them she
tries to run with the box
but steppenwolf throws her away and
takes the box
amazon army reaches to fight him but
steppenwolf leaves with fox
after reaching his hideout steppenwolf
repairs the box and asks parademons to
find other boxes
one pair a demon goes to star lab there
he tries to search for the box in
silas's lab but is unable to find it
next day he tells the police that box
got misplaces before
parademon reach the lab when silas goes
to his home he sees his son victor
protecting the box
he tells him that many employees of
their lab got kidnapped last night
but the survivor told that the kidnapper
was parademon
in femi sierra helita uses an ancient
arrow to warn her daughter diana
that arrow hits the historical point of
amazon's inhuman world and set it to
fire
fire makes it to headline which catches
diana's interest and she goes there
diane goes to the amazon's cave with the
arrow
she uses the arrow to unlock the door
there she sees the historical pictures
which reveal the whole story to her
when arthur goes in the sea his friend
asks him to take the throne
tells him that some invaders attacked
the outpost to take the mother box
steppenwolf summons decide the servant
of dark seed
we get to know that steppenwolf is a
servant of dark seed
but dark side is not happy with
steppenwolf services
which is why steppenwolf is collecting
the boxes so that they can destroy the
earth
moreover he tells that he is kidnapping
all the people with the scent of the box
scene shifts to bruce who meets diana
she inquires about metahumans because
the threat has arrived and they need the
team for it
diana tells bruce the whole story one
thousand years earlier
dark side came to the earth with his
parademons and mother boxes
he wanted to make earth like his planet
by using both powers
this will turn the humans in parademons
but he had to face old gods
amazons atlanteans humans and green
lanterns
all of them united after seeing dark
sage with their mother boxes
after an intense fight dark side got
injured and left without the boxes
amazons atlanteans and humans decided
that as the boxes are evil so they
should hide them
humans buried the box amazon put in
caves
atlanteans took it in the sea but when
amazon's box seal opened up
it alerted steppenwolf itself diana asks
bruce to make the meta humans team as
early as possible
bruce shows her the list which includes
arthur barry and victor
author has already refused
so they go to convince barry and victor
bruce goes to barry's secret lab
berry after finding out that bruce is
batman agrees to join the team
[Music]
victor is recalling his past in which he
sees that he almost dies in an accident
with his mother
but silas did not want to lose him so
they made a cyborg body using the mother
box
silas leaves a recording for victor in
which he tells him that victor can
control anything
in this world
he can also take people lives victor
tries and send money to a woman through
his powers
victor returns to present he sees a
parademon from window that smells victor
and leaves
victor finds out through his network
that diana is searching for him
diana tells him the reason of meeting
but victor refuses to be a part of the
team
he goes to his mother's grave while
having the box
he buries the box in the grave when
silas reaches home
parademon arrives and kidnaps him
on the other hand steppenwolf finds out
the location of the box in the sea via
an atlantean
when he goes there mira fights him
[Music]
meanwhile arthur reaches there arthur
and steppenwolf
fights but steppenwolf leaves with box
mary convinces arthur that they need him
and know he has to save the earth
steppenwolf fix a second box in his
hideout which covers the hideout with a
defensive shield
[Music]
steppenwolf tells d-sod that hostages
will soon tell the location of third box
and soon they are going to succeed in
their aim
bruce shows diana and barry his intel
through which commission james is
calling them to gotham city
[Music]
when they reach there victor also comes
and joins the team
after silas kidnapping
james shows them people complains and
tells them that they have seen many
creatures in the city
they all find out that those are
parademons who are searching for them
james tells them the location of
parademons
[Music]
after which they goes to an abandoned
facility there they see steppenwolf who
is asking the hostages about the
location
of the third box when steppenwolf
attacks silas victor comes to fight him
diana helps victor
whereas other fights para demons
victor and barry free the hostages
[Music]
alfred sends batman's ride bruce takes
the ride and goes to help diana
they fight steppenwolf
[Music]
victor comes inside he uses batman's
right to attack steppenwolf
steppenwolf diverts the attack towards
the wall
after which water starts entering in the
facility
[Music]
arthur arrives on the scene he saves
them by controlling the water
and everyone is safe when steppenwolf
reaches his hideout
one mother box takes him back to the day
of search for boxes
there he sees an anti-life equation the
person having it can control the lives
dark side was searching for this from
years
steppenwolf tells him about the equation
here arthur bruce diana and barry are
thinking to find the last box when
victor comes with the box
they take it to bruce's workshop where
victor tells them that
silas processed victor's life by using
the box
he tells them that this box is a
changing machine
and it can kill or revive anybody on his
master's will
after hearing this they all get an idea
that they can make superman
come back to life because he is the only
one who can defeat steppenwolf
they all agrees to make clark come back
to life
they take clark's body from cemetery and
go to the lab
where they switch on an alarm and ask
people to leave
they take clark's body in the kryptonian
chip
[Music]
they needed high voltage power to
activate the box
barry volunteers to power the box from
his energy
he comes running from a far place to
generate energy
victor warns them about the result
diana and bruce forces him by saying
that they need superman
a man named martin manhunter goes to
clark's girlfriend lois
in clark's mother martha's avatar
he asks lois to come out of the shock of
clark's death
and start to live life normally lois
then goes to office first time after
clark's death
but first she goes to superman's
monument
box starts right after getting the
energy even before victor can stop it
which brings superman back to life
lois is shocked after seeing superman
alive
superman tries to remember his
surroundings
he tries to recognize everybody
meanwhile victor's automatic defense
system starts
and attacks clark clark attacks them all
in defense
diana tries to remind him about them
army tries to stop him but he also
attacks them
after that he sees batman and goes to
fight with him
everyone tries to stop him but he pushes
them all
and attacks batman lois comes there
superman recognizes her lois calm him
down and takes him with her
all the superheroes start to think for
another strategy when they realize is
that box is missing
we see that silas has taken the box to
the lab
steppenwolf goes after him silas puts
the box in a glass room under protection
when victor reaches there he sees that
silas is destroying the box
so he tries to stop him because it can
kill him
but silas continue and eventually he
dies
steppenwolf takes the box and leaves
when others reach there
they see that victor is very upset
victor after seeing the equipment
realizes that silas was not destroying
the box
he gave it heat through laser now they
can locate the box because it has a
tracker in it
they locate the box through bruce's lab
victor
tells them that if they take him there
he can stop the unity of the boxes
it can kill victor but he avoids this
thing to save the world
[Music]
lois takes clark to his house where he
recalls his memories
there he meets his mother martha he
tells martha that he got revived for a
reason and now he has to go help them
meanwhile victor repairs bruce's ride on
which bruce was working from a long time
they all use that to go to the
steppenwolf hideout
there they plan to destroy the tower to
end the shield
after which barry will give energy to
victor to stop the boxes from uniting
bruce asks them to step out of the ride
and he himself goes to destroy the tower
after destroying the shield he signals
them to come in
they all start to fight the pair demons
[Music]
diana victor and arthur go to
steppenwolf
who has almost joined the boxes there
starts an intense fight
while barry starts generating the energy
[Music]
victor goes near the boxes to separate
them but steppenwolf stops him diana
interferes and stop them
victor again tries to reach the boxes
but steppenwolf defeat diana and arthur
and again tries to stop svictor
meanwhile superman arrives there
superman
diana and arthur beat steppenwolf
victor asks barry to give him energy but
parademon stops him
in this time the portal open ups and a
massive explosion occurs
[Music]
after healing his wound barry realizes
that if he starts to run faster than
lights speed it can reverse
time barry rewinds the time and gives
victor the energy
[Music]
by which victor comes out of his dream
and disconnects the boxes
arthur diana and clark pushes
steppenwolf in front of dark seed
[Music]
dark seed closes the portal after seeing
them
dark sea tells de sade that they have to
control the equation to destroy the
earth
[Music]
all the heroes start living their lives
after battle
clark gets his family home back with
bruce's help
barry gets a job in police department
and impresses his father
victor starts to use his powers for good
bruce diana and alfred uses bruce
mansion to make a team
luther runs from the asylum and meets
slade wilson
where he tells him batman's real
identity
bruce sees in his dream that he is
fighting evil superman
with slade mara barry victor and joker
because batman has killed lois
and superman was unable to regain his
memories
when bruce wakes up martian come to meet
him
who tells him that their fight with evil
is not finished yet
because they are going to come back for
anti-life equation
he also appreciates him for making the
team
and movie ends here